well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to take a bunch of
light-hearted questions from twitter
and answer them this is uh just in case
you're bored
tonight or tomorrow and uh
you need something to do this is also
going to double as
our 500 000 subscribers video because
that just happened as well uh thank you
for that by the way
so uh anyway let's just dive in here and
see what we have these are all supposed
to be lighthearted
i don't know if it turned out that way
and we'll uh
we'll go from there if there's anything
political or
that's just a downer we're gonna skip it
um
all right so disney princesses curious
george mr rogers sesame street magic
school bus
what other children shows and movies are
important to you and what lessons do you
take from them
all of them all of them
gi joe kim possible i think anything
that spurs
imagination spurs critical thought
and i think that they're
i think that the messages contained in
most
children shows are some that
maybe adults need to be reminded of from
time to time
you know back when there was still the
belief that the world can be better
because it can be
and you can help do it and that's the
message in a whole lot of shows
and i think that that's important for
kids to too
that aspect of empowerment
what's your favorite me time activity
that you do for fun to cheer yourself up
that isn't talking with us
internet people that is my me time
activity
um prior to this year i like to go on
road trips and travel
and do a whole bunch of stuff i'm not
doing right now because
yeah because it's a mess
what's your favorite fiction book series
um probably anything by bernard
cornwell cromwell the uh
the person who wrote what became the
last
kingdom on netflix and the bbc
is a whole bunch of different series and
almost all of them are pretty good
let's see favorite stuffed animal
growing up
this isn't a joke when i say this i had
a stuffed
pumpkin not the one on the back shelf
but
uh yeah i had a stuffed pumpkin in case
you're wondering why we're not doing
this
in the shop the uh it's it's raining
the weather outside is frightful um do
your kids
know what a big deal you're becoming
what do they think they don't know that
because i don't know that
um i mean i understand the numbers
and i get i get that but
there's still an element that just
i don't know and i don't know how to
take it to be completely honest
recipes cooking for those who are trying
to
save um
i would look into irish cuisine that is
a lot of it is born out of poverty
you end up using a lot of the same
ingredients so
it helps but it tastes different so you
don't suffer palette burnout
i mean i think that would be a good
place to start
who's your favorite artist
that's a broad question um
i'm going to say ansel adams just off
the top of my head
as a photographer
i'm going to skip that one because i
would i would end up making it's a
wonderful life very political
and probably a downer this may
this may sound more serious than the
tone in which i'm asking so
try to take this lightheartedly because
that's
how i mean it right now why are you
doing this for xmas
instead of solstice
uh cultural norms among the majority
of the audience the majority of you guys
um i don't know if you're asking this
because you are familiar with some of my
more earthy beliefs
or this is just random generally
on other holidays you don't have
negative impacts from people being alone
it's really that simple bo i need your
top
five all-time favorite country albums
and or artists i could go on about that
all day so we're gonna rephrase that and
keep it simple who's your favorite
country artist and why is it steve earl
what is your favorite breed of horse i
don't have one
i like horses personalities pirate
the most recent edition is
really because she was just very playful
and
interested in me particularly for some
reason followed me around
and we became buddies um
not really so much about the breed what
are your thoughts on balancing
providing mutual aid and the state using
that as an excuse to cut
services but not taxes for real people
i don't know that there is a balancing
act there see to me the theory
is that the use of mutual aid and
community networks would
reduce reliance on government therefore
those services wouldn't be needed
and eventually they would get cut
and and realistically government is not
going to cut taxes
when they do that the difference is
effectiveness
and bang for your buck that's one of
those uncomfortable
phases that we will have to go through
to get to a better society i i believe
realistically if
the government was to be the sort
that would reduce taxes when services
needs for services declined
it would be responsive enough to the
point where we wouldn't need to engage
in mutual aid
um so yeah i don't know that there is a
balancing act i think that's something
that is going to occur and when it does
i
actually think it will help speed things
along because people will
realize the inefficiency but
i mean people have known how inefficient
the government is in a lot of ways for a
long time
so do you cook what's your best dish
what is your favorite treat
i do cook i would say shepherd's pie
is what i do the best i don't know
what is my favorite treat oreos and
those just come out of a bag i don't
cook those
if you were to frame the story of how
the grinch stole christmas as political
how would you do it
what song do you hate the most
eggnog yes or no yes or gross um
i would say that the grinch story is
political
at its heart it's a story about bullying
and the haves and the have-nots
um so i mean it to me it is a political
story
i mean realistically when the world is
the way it is
everything is political in some way
i don't know that i have a christmas
song that i
truly despise
um maybe the one from that movie
where they played it constantly in the
background uh
the british movie and i can't remember
love actually maybe was the name of it
um i actually have the response that the
characters have in that movie
eggnog yes or gross depends on how much
coffee i had before i had the eggnog and
by coffee i mean coffee with the other
ingredients
generally not something i love but if
i've already started
it'll be all right what is your most
cherished accomplishment
that's a tough one probably something
that i
i wouldn't talk about on youtube
realistically
i i don't know exactly but my guess
would be
that it falls into that category of
stuff that i did when i was younger
the wife and i are curious to know if
your collection of socks
is anywhere as prolific as your
collection of shirts
no it is not is santa real
yes of course
do you put the mulk the you put the milk
in the bowl before the cereal
no no of course not that's
no that's wrong um
what cereal is it some kind of kid
cereal
lucky charms i don't know something like
that
baroness stream when
baroness is in a couple videos there's a
video where she is sitting
[Music]
by me when i'm by a fire i'll try to
find a link and put it down there
as far as a strain baroness is you know
smart
as i've pointed out but she's not
exactly friendly um
i don't i don't know that
yeah she's not actually a nice puppy to
be honest
how can we send you physical mail
like a package well now i'm nervous
uh i have cool stuff i know for a fact
you will like
and i
guess you cannot find it in america also
please release a clean plate
of your workshop background going to use
these in zoom meetings actually i had a
couple of people wreck
ask for the photo of the shop i will try
to do that soon
as far as a mailing address it's a
po box 490 sneeds florida
32460 sneeds which is s-n-e-a-d-s
what's your favorite all-american food
new york strip what's your favorite
non-american food paella
what did you do to stay positive when
you
shall we say had a lot of time to to
yourself to think
um there's a movie called a bronx tale
and in that movie
somebody's asked that question and it's
basically you know you can do three
things
you can lift weights play cards or get
into trouble i read
and i i did i read i mean i worked out a
little bit but mainly i spent my time
reading
um did you ever
expect to be a celebrity no given the
fact that i tried to keep a uh
a low profile most of my life no i
absolutely did not
and i'm still i am not used to it
you know when somebody recognizes me i'm
still at that point
where i don't know if they want to buy
me a drink or hit me with the bottle
so i there's still i'm very awkward
in that um
when can we see baroness and destro in a
video
destro maybe he would hang out but
let's see what are the most useful items
to stock up
on for relief disaster packages when you
are
out applying rule 303
depends on the situation obviously like
climate stuff like that if it's cold
people always need socks always doesn't
matter
what's going on they always need socks
generally you want food water fire
shelter
first aid and a knife in in a kit
a lot of times hygiene stuff is
is left out typically feminine hygiene
is almost always forgotten um
and then there's also if you're talking
about larger
stuff it changes each time like in the
last hurricane we had a bunch of people
run
out of toilet paper which now everybody
in the country is familiar with
how how bad that is but i would imagine
because of that next time we won't and
everybody will have tons
so there's a historical learning curve
that goes along with it
neck or bumper
i'm going to assume this is about
trailer hitches and
um i'm going to say gooseneck
what's your morning routine uh because i
married an
angel i normally get coffee like right
as i wake up sometimes even in bed
uh and then i read the news and then i
plan my day from there
that's that's my normal routine
q a with you and beau's wife together
please
that may happen at some point um in fact
we thought about doing it
for this one but you know it's it's the
holidays
so
ribbon candy good or only for
grandparents i'm gonna say only for
grandparents
can you give a little of your background
for newer subscribers
um there's a video i just always like to
direct the
people to it because it's it's more
in-depth than anything i would do when
i'm briefly asked a question
let's talk about 100 000 subscribers
that actually has answers all the
questions that people
actually want answered when they ask
that
i will say that most of the stories
are not accurate
um there may be some truth to some of
them but they are not accurate in the
way that they are out there
if that's in relation to anything in
anything in particular
if you had to move to any other state
which would it be
and why tennessee um
eastern tennessee i just mountains are
the ocean
very extreme when it comes to that
i always love your history lessons
hopefully if the rain stops you're going
to get one
tomorrow about the christmas truce if
not
look it up it's cool story um
any good predictions for 2021
um i'm gonna just hope for a return to
normalcy of some sort
that's that's the only prediction i have
and that the second channel will go live
at some point
i was hoping for it to be right after
the new year which with the way this has
been going
i'm going to say the end of january
let's see
what do you think about mason silva
winning skater of the year 2020
i've been i'm wondering if this is the
same person i've been asked about this
multiple
times i think
maybe there's a photo of me with a
skateboard at some point but that just
you know that was like 30 years ago
how many exactly t-shirts do you have
one thousand three hundred and twelve i
have no idea
i have no clue a lot
a lot and it's an ever-growing pile what
other work do you do
in your workshop woodworking mechanical
or just fixing stuff
what's your most used tool
right now honestly i spend all of my
time in there making videos
um there was a time that i used it for
the gardening stuff we grow a lot of
stuff here um
and basic carpentry i do do a little bit
of metal working but not much
it is more as needed i would say the
most used tool is probably the nail gun
just a guess
did the founding fathers consciously
list life before liberty and
the pursuit of happiness
i've never thought about that before but
it would make sense that they would
i mean that that does seem to be a
descending list
is cereal soup yes is die hard a
christmas movie
yes are hot dog sandwiches also yes
does pineapple belong on pizza anything
belongs on pizza if you're brave enough
not particularly my choice but yeah
pineapple on pizza an abomination or an
extremely wrong choice
i'm gonna say a wrong choice but
yeah that's personal taste i would guess
what is your least favorite thing about
this holiday season
not sure this is specific um generally
i do not like the commercialization
of the whole idea and i
i wish people understood how the
holidays evolved and all of that stuff i
think that would be a good
unifying thing to find common roots in a
lot of them
um if you're talking about this year in
particular
the whole public health thing just
making it an absolute pain
that one that would that would be high
on my list
where do you find all your t-shirts and
which are you most fond of
uh the ones that i'm most fond of are
ones you will probably never see in a
video
a lot of my shirts have political
connotations to them
and some of them feature uh
language that i would not put on the
channel
as far as where they come from somewhere
in an rt spring store
and most of the other ones my wife
brings home
it's like ah look at this and
i'll be honest you know as much as she
complains about all the shirts on
twitter
she's responsible for like half of them
so i mean you can have sympathy but not
too much how do you have your coffee
tea coffee by the gallon
like i make lorelei and rory look like
mormons um and
in any way i just yeah i drink a lot of
coffee probably way too much
how much do you water your beard how
much sunlight does it need
i i do absolutely nothing to my beard
the reason i have a beard is not out of
fashion statement it's that i don't want
to deal with shaving
so if i had an extensive grooming
routine for it it would defeat the
purpose
best xmas gift you've gotten
um when i was a kid
i got the uss flag
it's a gi joe playset and it's like the
size of a dining room table it's huge
it's an aircraft carrier it's big enough
to like lay down on
i thought that was the coolest thing in
the world
um and given the fact that my dad was
enlisted
army at the time i know that he uh
i know that that was something that they
put a lot of
effort into getting because it wasn't
cheap um
so i think maybe that was the best
i don't know because i think that that
would change by age
right now the best gift i could get
would be like a vacation
to somewhere warm
if you could debate any historical
figure living or dead rule or fiction
who would you choose and what topics
would y'all debate
i'm gonna say thomas jefferson and it's
not it's really just more of an
interrogation i have so many questions
um you know was it really about
political expediency was it about money
why were some of these things done when
he referred to him as a hideous blot
there's like
one of the the people at least in
american history
that is so contradictory they could have
done so much good
and did some but not as much as he could
have
and i just i have questions
um does the
shed ever get too hot cold to film in
what do you do if when it does uh
temperature
normally isn't much of a problem um
it's normally rain because it has a tin
roof the shop
is designed for florida so
the the light you see in the back
sometimes that those aren't like that's
not like track lighting that's
actually sunlight there's there's gaps
up near
the roof to let hot air out so it stays
pretty cool even
in there even when it's like 100 degrees
that does present a little bit of a
problem in the winter because
it does not retain heat at all
but i have a little heater out there
that i will
like let it warm the place up and then
turn it off right before i film because
it's loud
and you guys generally y'all have said
y'all like the ambient noise
of the grasshoppers and crickets and
frogs and birds and whatever
cake or pie pie
do you think the us and the world will
eventually
move down and left yes
i i honestly believe that that is the
i think that is the inevitable future
unless
unless things go horribly wrong
i think that's where we will head if we
are smart
and if we work to do that the most
amount of freedom for the most people
with the most equality
that that that seems like it should be
the goal and i think
eventually that is where we will go um
hopefully we get there before we face
just irrevocable
negative outcomes from past behavior
of all of the places you have visited
which was your favorite
and why
that's a tough question um
[Music]
i'm gonna say stay in the u.s on this
one i'm gonna say
i don't even know then new orleans
i went to new orleans prior to katrina
and i really enjoyed the atmosphere and
the way
the just the way people were it was
unique in the sense that it was still a
very
small town feel in a large major city
um now from my understanding is that
after katrina things were
changed and it doesn't have that anymore
i haven't really been back for any
length of time since then though
so i don't know for a fact
do you put potato chips inside your
sandwiches
not generally
i'm going to rephrase that and i'm going
to be
kind of vague in this answer santa's
effect on kids positive or negative
i'm going to say positive
i understand some of the concerns that
people have about it
but at the same time anything that
sparks
imagination sparks critical thought
later
and i think overall i do not see much of
a difference
between that and halloween
and that or
superheroes or anything like that
so as far if i'm if i'm catching this
question
see new year's resolutions please
for me um i don't know
i would like to start running again i
say that and i i know
full well that it's really unlikely that
i start
um
get the second channel actually up and
running that would be my
that would be my new year's resolution
tell me a story about a group of people
that saw something wrong took action and
corrected
that wrong i could tell hundreds of
those
a recent one is uh after michael here
you had a whole bunch of people who were
very
let's just call them distanced
politically come together to help people
in panama city and the surrounding areas
because they were they were in a really
bad way
that hurricane didn't get the coverage i
think it really should have there were
parts of
of that city that were just flat when it
was done
and people who generally would not
associate
came together to to make stuff happen
and get get things to people that needed
them
the staging area that was used
is a facility that helps
vets with ptsd and they use horses to do
it it's a really novel concept it's
really cool
i would be willing to bet that many of
the people involved in that project have
trump flags
we didn't i don't know that because we
didn't talk politics because
that would have been bad you know you
don't want focused on the mission at
hand
but given the the nature of the event
nobody cared about any of that we had
people that needed baby formula we had
people that needed
all kinds of stuff and we had to get it
to them and i think
that's one of those uh moments where not
only somebody
we people corrected something that was
wrong but it
it shows that there are some things that
can unite
everybody
how did you meet your wife she came by
the studio
and with her mother and i flirted with
her and she did not respond i'm not a
pushy person so i stopped as they were
leaving her mom was like you know she's
really preoccupied today and probably
didn't even notice
so when she came back by
uh i didn't have everything ready
and i'm sitting there putting it
together and of course that day she
happens to be in a hurry and she's like
hey
you know you couldn't have had this done
already and i'm like well i was hoping
to have a little bit of time to talk to
you
and she's like yeah how's that working
out fantastic
okay um
and yeah so when she starts to leave
she looks over her shoulder and she's
like yeah you have my number
i'm like okay now she called me
prior to me calling her because she had
been
over changed
there are some people who believe that
that may be a good way to determine
somebody's integrity
uh at some point i'm not saying that
happened but
either way she called back and
i was like hey why don't you give me
that back over dinner or lunch
or breakfast or uh coffee
and she settled on coffee and then for
like two weeks i got text messages
explaining why she couldn't make it and
i guess a couple of times
i was unavailable and i was like you
know this is either the most elaborate
blow off in history or we're
really busy you just let me know when
you're available
and then the next day she stopped by and
brought me coffee
and that's when it started i think we
had lunch finally like a week later
so
let's see
already answered that what's your
favorite cultural tradition
either by what it means that it's fun to
do or both
um i may have mentioned this i
i like sweat lodges and eps um
i don't know that i would describe it as
fun but i would describe it as
worthwhile fulfilling if you ever have
the opportunity to do it
i would suggest it
what's your favorite science fiction
novel
i can't remember the name of it the one
about the box where if you press the box
you get uh
you get a reward but somebody else gets
punished
and they made a movie about it that was
not a fantastic version
um but that i can't
i can't believe i i can't remember the
name of it it may actually be the box
let's see what are your family's
favorite holiday traditions we open one
gift
on christmas eve my wife puts peanuts in
the stockings
i honestly don't know why it's something
her family's always done
i guess that's it i think those are the
only the ones that
are unique if you leave a plate for
santa what's on it oreos
of course and this year hand sanitizer
what's the coolest thing someone in your
family requested for christmas
my six-year-old just told me that he
wanted a werewolf
robot and this isn't like some toy
he just like a legitimate werewolf
robot he yeah i don't know about that i
don't know how we're gonna do that
um if you had to choose a theme song
what would it be
prayer of a refugee
are you a foodie and if so what do you
and family love to cook for dinner
uh
i mean i don't know i mean that says
i enjoy cooking but i don't know i don't
cook anything special
i cook i have a wide variety of
i've